I’m dating a 30-year-old woman. I've never met her, though, and she’s nice. Is it ok if it's a romantic relationship and not sexual?
It should be fine, right? We aren't doing anything intimate, and I only want to get closer to her. She seriously doesn’t mean any harm! She’s been really nice to me, and she’s been reciprocating my signals. I think this has to be a sign that we're destined for each other!
Age is merely a number in the eyes of true love! Society is unjust if any laws forbid our love. Like Romeo and Juliet, we're meant to be together, but sadly, opposing forces want to tear us apart! Oh, the tragedy!!!
When she was 18, I was just 2! I wish I could have met her right then and there. When she was 24, I was 8! I wish I could have met her right then and there. When she was 28, I was 12! I wish I could have met her right then and there. However, time is unfair, and only now have I met her. Although she is too young for my taste, I still love her for who she is.
Love is a cruel and beautiful thing. It can lead the most reasonable boy astray and give courage to the most cowardly. I, for one, have found myself being the former. The things I would do to meet the one true love that was destined for me... The thing I would do to meet her...
Before you argue against me, please know this. There is no such thing as a mental age gap! THIS TERM... THEORY... IDEOLOGY... IT'S EVIL! ITS... ITS... ITS WRONG! IT'S FAKE! SUCH A THING CANNOT EXIST IF LOVE EXISTS, AND I KNOW LOVE EXISTS, THEREFORE THIS UNHOLY THING DOESN'T. There is no science behind it... There is none... I rest my case.
As much as I want to tear down the unjust laws governing our cruel and faulty society, I must nevertheless hear the voice of the people. So, Reddit, what do you think? Is it okay if I, a 14-year-old boy, date a 30-year-old woman?
P.S.- I will not tolerate any words in the comment sections below talking about she is apparently "grooming" me. Such blasphemous slander will not go unpunished!!!